Avoid setting jobs as dead while being rescheduled (#27852)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/27852.txt

```release-note:bug

> core: avoid setting job to dead while wauting to reschedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
core: avoid setting job to dead while waiting for allocations to reschedule
```
